Add unusedPrivateDeclaration rule (#284)
airbnb/swift: README.md

  ```

  </details>
  
* <a id='unused-private-declaration'></a>(<a href='#unused-private-declaration'>link</a>) **Remove unused private and fileprivate properties, functions, and typealiases** [![SwiftFormat: unusedPrivateDeclaration](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftFormat-unusedPrivateDeclaration-008489.svg)](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/blob/master/Rules.md#unusedPrivateDeclaration)

  <details>

  #### Why?
  
  Improves readability since the code has no effect and should be removed for clarity.
  
  ```swift

>   // WRONG: Unused private property is unused and redundant
>   struct Planet {
>     private var mass: Double
>     
>     var age: Double
>   }
> 
>   // WRONG: Unused private function is unused and redundant
>   struct Planet {
>     private func distance(to: Planet) { }
>     
>     var age: Double
>   }
> 
>   // WRONG. Unused private typealias is unused and redundant
>   struct Planet {
>     private typealias Dependencies = UniverseBuilderProviding
>     
>     var age: Double
>   }
>     
>   // RIGHT
>   struct Planet {
>     var age: Double
>   }

Reviewer: We could consolidate these three examples into a single example for brevity. Shorter examples are usually easier for folks to understand.

Also, maybe the example could include a private declaration that _isn't_ unused.

```suggestion
  // WRONG: Includes private declarations that are unused
  struct Planet {
    var ageInBillionYears: Double {
      ageInMillionYears / 1000
    }
    
    private var ageInMillionsOfYears: Double
    private typealias Dependencies = UniverseBuilderProviding // unused
    private var mass: Double // unused
    private func distance(to: Planet) { } // unused
  }
    
  // RIGHT
  struct Planet {
    var ageInBillionsOfYears: Double {
      ageInMillionYears / 1000
    }
    
    private var ageInMillionYears: Double
  }
```

Author: Added!
